Add docs to a separate PR for review (#5153)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipdnn/docs/install-docs/users.rst

.. meta::
  :description: 
  :keywords: hipDNN, ROCm, install, Windows

.. _user-install:

*****************************
hipDNN installation for users
*****************************

> This guide demonstrates how to install hipDNN from a CMake project.

Reviewer: For users, hipDNN should be installed using a package such as an rpm/deb, or as part of a Python package. It is not stalled from a CMake project.

lt appears that the install procedure is absent from this page though. Is that something the hipDNN team still needs to provide?

Author: I believe so. This was the content I was given

.. important::

  These instructions are appropriate for general-purpose users who may be new to hipDNN. 

>   If you're experienced with hipDNN and want to develop plugins for the platform, see :ref:`plugin-install`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instructions provide an installation that is appropriate for building and executing operational graphs on AMD GPUs. If you are developing plugins to provide new engines or optimize performance, additional packages may be required. See :ref:`plugin-install`.
```
